what does a cure look like what is
disease are we destroying the very thing
that can save us if you think your
medicine merely comes from a drugstore
think again your drugs very well might
have originated from a natural source in
a plant or on tree bark or from a frog
Nature has been curing disease as long
as man has been live welcome to Planet
Earth
the world rich with biological diversity
where forms of medicine grow quietly by
our side promises of hope can be cleaned
today right now from cultures different
and unknown at the crossroads between
modern medicine and the ancient medical
traditions of indigenous cultures is Amy
Gleason healing seeker as a classically
trained pharmacist she understands the
science of healing drugs origins and
effects as a woman of discovery she
seeks out healing traditions around the
globe searching for new plants with
promising healing futures alien seekers
adventure with a purpose I may be
Greeson and our healing seekers team is
here in Madagascar this is a place that
I've always wanted to come and one of
the main reasons is this land holds the
original source of the rosy periwinkle
and that's where we've gotten two of our
most powerful chemo drugs the natives
used the rosy periwinkle to treat omiya
da which means killing little by little
we would call that cancer
this area is so isolated from the rest
of the world it's flora and fauna have
developed independently and have evolved
into thousands of species of plants and
animals that are found nowhere else in
the world I said what he knows it comes
mainly from his grandfather and his
father because as he said he he doesn't
trust other people yeah getting ready to
go seein on OBS and he has got some
people waiting here so we gotta sort of
take our turn but apparently this guy
works through spirits were tromba and he
also heals with plans so this is going
to be a unique guy to see he is written
on his chest the point that means that
the energy comes from the inside so
everything is inside like the spirit in
the soul and it can protect you nice
over sixty percent of the plants that
have been catalogued here actually have
healing properties but when you put it
in perspective one half of one percent
of all the world's flowering species has
been discovered so this is really still
largely unexplored
heart medicines from a plant anesthesia
from a frog cancer treatments from a way
of life that is systematically being
destroyed at the rate of one mile per
minute every hour every day and then
it's time to rethink medicine expand our
perceptions of healing expand or
perceptions of ourselves it is possible
that your grandchildren can know road
without cancer without diabetes with
killers springing up from the ground
expose yourself to a planet of
possibilities with your financial
support the work of the healing seekers
will continue to live the difference now
and for generations to come sometimes
finding a cure take you off the beaten
path only to put you back on one I
believe that there are cures for our
most devastating diseases I believe that
their cures for cancer and I believe
that we will find them we are the
healing seekers
the healing seekers
you